
= Bind

Bind actions to various file system events, helping aid in
automation of tasks such as refreshing browser(s) when you
update a css / sass / js file.

== Installation

  Install [Gemcutter](http://gemcutter.org) and execute:
  $ sudo gem install bind

== Executable

The 'bind' executable allows you to perform arbitrary actions
based on several events. Currently only the change (mtime) event
is supported.

Bind to a single file, outputting its path when changed
  $ rbind to style.css -e 'puts file.path'

Bind to glob 
  $ rbind to stylesheets/*.css -e 'puts file.path'

Bind to ruby glob (allows recursion) note the quotes
  $ rbind to 'stylesheets/**/*.css' -e 'puts file.path'

Refresh Safari, and Firefox in the background to the uri specified when 
style.css or reset.css are modified.
  $ rbind refresh http://localhost/page --paths style.css,reset.css --browsers Safari,Firefox

Refresh local static html when the style you are working on is modified.
  $ rbind refresh examples/demo.html -f style.css -b Safari

== Library

Bind of course supplies a Ruby library as well, which provides the same 
functionality as the executable above.


Refresh Safari and Firefox, using the RefreshBrowsersHaml action, whenever a haml or
sass file is modified, it will be compiled to '..' (up a directory) preceding the refresh.

  path = 'http://localhost'
  action = Bind::Actions::RefreshBrowsersHaml.new path, '..', 'Safari', 'Firefox'
  listener = Bind::Listener.new :interval => 1, :debug => $stdout, :action => action, :paths => Dir['*.haml'] + Dir['*.sass']
  listener.run!

== License:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, an d/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
GS IN THE SOFTWARE.
